c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.csproj.App.config
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Ui.EStore.dll.config
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Ui.EStore.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Ui.EStore.pdb
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Domain.EStore.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Mono.Math.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Domain.EStore.pdb
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Mono.Math.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.pdb
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Ui.EStore.dll.config
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Ui.EStore.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Ui.EStore.pdb
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Domain.EStore.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Owin.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Mono.Math.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Domain.EStore.pdb
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Mono.Math.xml
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.csproj.App.config
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.dll
E:\EStore\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.pdb
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Ui.EStore.dll.config
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Ui.EStore.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Ui.EStore.pdb
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Domain.EStore.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Owin.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Mono.Math.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Domain.EStore.pdb
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\bin\Mono.Math.xml
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.csproj.App.config
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.dll
E:\Projects\EStore\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.pdb
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Ui.EStore.dll.config
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Ui.EStore.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Ui.EStore.pdb
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Domain.EStore.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Owin.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Mono.Math.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Domain.EStore.pdb
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Mono.Math.xml
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.csproj.App.config
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.dll
E:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.pdb
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Ui.EStore.dll.config
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Ui.EStore.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Ui.EStore.pdb
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Domain.EStore.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Owin.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Mono.Math.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Domain.EStore.pdb
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Mono.Math.xml
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.csproj.App.config
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.dll
D:\projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.pdb
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Ui.EStore.dll.config
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Ui.EStore.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Ui.EStore.pdb
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Domain.EStore.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Owin.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Mono.Math.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Domain.EStore.pdb
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Mono.Math.xml
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.csproj.App.config
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.dll
D:\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.pdb
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Ui.EStore.dll.config
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Ui.EStore.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Ui.EStore.pdb
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Domain.EStore.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Owin.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\WebGrease.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Mono.Math.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Domain.EStore.pdb
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\bin\Mono.Math.xml
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.csproj.App.config
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.dll
F:\Projects\DukkanPinky\Ui.EStore\obj\Debug\Ui.EStore.pdb
